Update oracle-database-backup-strategies.md (#121224)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/workloads/oracle/oracle-database-backup-strategies.md

When you're using Azure Files with either the Server Message Block (SMB) protocol or the Network File System (NFS) 4.1 protocol to mount as backup storage, Azure Files doesn't support RA-GRS or RA-GZRS.

> Azure File Backup storage can scale up to 100 (TiB) with support for LRS,GRS and GZRS redundacy options. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Files backup storage can scale up to 100 (TiB), with support for LRS, GRS, and GZRS redundancy options. 
```
Fixing terminology, punctuation, spelling.
